hey it's coach collin castellaw with
shot mechanics.com and today we're gonna
learn the Stefan Curry hesitation
alright so if you're new you're gonna
want to do two things number one you're
gonna wanna hit the subscribe button in
the bottom right hand corner number two
you're gonna want to check out this
annotation that you can get a free copy
of our top three favorite shooting
secrets now Stefan curry is an awesome
shooter and he does this great
hesitation that forces the defense to
jump because they're so worried that
you're gonna shoot an open three all
right so let's learn the keys to the
Stefan curry hesitation move alright so
Stefan curry is the master using a
hesitation to get the defenders off
their feet or out of position so we can
drive to the basket now this works best
because he's such a lethal three-point
shooter that defenders are really really
jumpy and don't want to give up that
shot so this is a great move if you're
already really really good shooter but
you want to have some sort of counter
that you can get to the paint way so
this is essentially just a fake and one
really important thing about selling it
is your eye check out a step and pull
the ball back he finds the rim with his
eyes and this really sells it makes the
defender think that he's going to shoot
it seems really simple but this aspect
alone can make the move work alright so
the next important aspect of the fake
are the shoulders look out when his eyes
go up his shoulders begin to raise and
if we freeze it it looks like he's going
directly into his jump shot and that
brings us to the last point and that's
the shot pocket to finish it off
Stef starts to bring the ball towards
the shot pocket and brings his offhand
over like it's going to grab the ball
getting ready to shoot it this gets the
defender most the time to think that
you're picking up the ball and getting
ready to shoot
thus they leave their feet or get off
balance alright so remember the three
things you want to keep in mind number
one you want to keep your eyes up
towards the rim that's gonna sell it and
make it a vendor think that your
shooting number two you want to raise
your shoulders slightly because that
also sells it because it looks like
you're going into your shooting motion
and number three you want to make sure
that the ball starts to come towards
your shot pocket as you raise up all the
time we're trying to simulate make it
look as much as we possibly can like
you're getting ready to shoot the ball
again coach collin castellaw with shot
mechanics.com keep showing us the love
with the likes to comments and
subscription you guys are awesome and I
read all of them so keep it up alright
so don't forget to check out our free
video of our shooting secrets and tune
in tomorrow for some Hakeem Olajuwon
footwork and also we're gonna give away
another Jersey alright I'll see you
tomorrow you guys are awesome